No. dude. I got a beer.
Hey. dude. don't tempt
my cousin with that shit.
How could he be tempted
if he's never tried it?
It's just not for me.
Thanks anyway.
Well. then don't thank me.
Relax. Néstor. we're all family here.
Easy. bro. I'm just saying.
What the fuck are you saying. Néstor?
Nothing. all good.
That's right.
Watch the fight instead.
Hey!
Wake up!
Where are José and the others?
And where the hell is my furniture?
What the fuck are you talking about?
What?
I'm sorry. ma'am.
What the fuck?
Let me wake Armando up.
Armando!
Armando! Wake up. bitch!
Fuck off!
Easy. dude.
Here is José's mother.
Everyone else is gone.
and some of her furniture. too.
What time is it?
It's already 11 o'clock.
I have been trying to wake you up
for more than two hours.
You guys are useless!
Do you know where José and Diego are?
No. I thought they were with you.
Maybe Diego had school.
It's just something is not right.
I'm missing furniture.
And four of the six boys
that stayed here last night are gone.
The other two
seem like they're on drugs.
Should I be worried?
Detective Delgado.
I am Beatriz. Diego's mother.
And this is my sister Sofía.
-Would you like some coffee?
-No. thanks.
My deepest condolences. ladies.
Sofía. could you please tell me
everything you know?
Let's start from the beginning.
Last night.
José and his friends and cousin
were in the living room watching TV.
Did anything unusual happen?
An argument? A fight?
No. not at all.
No. just the opposite.
I went through the room
a little after midnight
because I often get up at night.
but the guys were asleep.
Do you remember who was there?
My son José. my nephew Diego.
who is studying to become a doctor.
They are missing.
-Also one of his group.
-His group?
A gang or group or whatever it is called.
Do you know who they were?
One is called Ernesto.
He's a pig. just by looking at him.
The other one's called Pedro.
No. no. It's Pepe.
Yes. Pepe.
And of those you just mentioned.
do you know their last names?
Or maybe where to find them.
where their families are?
No. no.
That's fine you're doing great.
Can you explain what happened
to the furniture?
I can't. I don't know.
The furniture is gone.
and I can't explain how it happened.
What furniture did they take?
Two chairs...
a few lamps.
a small table...
But they didn't take the TV.
Really?
Did you notice if any doors
had been forced open or something?
It all seems crazy to me.
You are not the only one.
Diego...
Diego only came to watch a fight.
And are you sure
that Diego is not involved?
You know that us parents are the last
to know what our kids are up to.
No. no. my sister is right.
Diego would never get involved
in my son's business.
I told him that this was going
to mess up his life.
And that's what's happening.
The rest of it makes no sense.
I have always struggled with José.
Unfortunately. I have lost this battle.
All of us have lost.
All right.
Excuse me.
Martínez. please come over.
Yes sir?
Please have them pull CCTV for Río Nazas
and Segunda from two days ago.
What are we looking for exactly?
Anything that stands out.
Focus on vehicles
from midnight till 5:00 AM.
-Yes sir.
-Thank you.
What are we watching. Martínez?
Sir. there's only one detail at that time
that catches my attention.
At 1:00 AM a white. unmarked van
goes through with Mexican plates.
That happens again at 4:30 AM.
It looks like there are two men inside.
Focus the cameras on the plates
and write them down.
-I already did.
-Very well. let's check them.
-I did that. too.
-And?
They belong to an Alfredo Ruiz
here in Matamoros.
I have his address and phone number.
Let's call him and see what he tells us.
All right.
Hello?
Mr. Ruiz. this is Officer Javier Martínez.
ID number 43543
of the Matamoros Police Department.
-I have a question for you.
-Okay.
Can you tell me
what kind of vehicle is registered
under the license plate 7BFR468?
My truck. I use it for my business.
Why do you ask?
And is the truck with you right now?
Sure. I can see it from my window.
And are the plates missing?
Hang on a second.
No. they're gone!
That will be all. Thank you.
What should I do about my plates?
Contact the DMV to get that solved.
Thanks.
I'm sorry. sir.
Call Border Patrol.
Estimate how long it would take
for the truck to reach the border.
I will also need access
to CCTV for all lanes.
Done.
-Good job. Martínez.
-Yes sir.
Sir. could you come over here?
What's going on?
I got a hit of the truck on the bridge.
and it's just like we thought.
They reverted back to US plates.
-All right. give me the number.
-Sure.
2GAT123.
-Got it.
-Yes sir.
Cell two.
That my son ran away
and came back with a girlfriend.
-Did you meet her yet?
-Yeah. she's pretty.
Aunt Sofía. this is my girlfriend.
who helped me back in DC. Melina.
-Hi. Melina.
-Hi.
I'm so sorry.
It's fine. Diego.
There's nothing we can do.
Thank God you are all right.
This is a tragedy
we will never fully understand.
Perhaps we never will.
Must be Detective Delgado.
-Hello.
-Come in. Detective.
-You must be Diego.
-Yes.
You have no idea
how happy that makes me.
-Come in.
-Thanks.
One last time or you're dead.
Hold on. Hold on. bro.
I think it's his cousin
you're looking for. right?
Where's Diego?
-Diego?
-Yes.
No. I don't know. dude.
That guy's not even a friend of mine.
A friend?
Let's make a deal. shall we?
Give me 24 hours. Just one day.
No. wait. No. no.
Just one day. just one. please.
I promise I'll find him. bro.
We also took a photo of his license
while he was knocked out.
-Really?
-Yes. we did.
Okay. let's take a look.
I promise I'll find him. bro.
I swear. I swear.
Why should I trust you?
I'm not hard to find. you know that.
Besides. you're the one with a gun. right?
Just one day.
One day.
I want answers by 1:00 tomorrow.
Or else I'll go hunting.
Guess who I'll be hunting first?
Dude! Dude!
I was kidnapped. dude.
The motherfucker
had a gun to my head.
He wants to know
where the fuck Diego lives.
Diego? What the fuck?
Exactly. bro. That's what I say.
What the fuck did he do? He's nobody.
Must be about all the shit
that went down in the USA.
I know where he lives.
-You do?
-Yes.
I drove him home once
after he got drunk watching a fight.
He was totally wasted. bro.
And where was it?
So we'll be giving Diego up
just like that?
Fuck Diego!
That dude was never one of us.
I'm not dying for that entitled prick.
I don't think
we really give a shit either.
This is fucked up. guys.
but whatever.
He lives on Madrid Street.
Are you sure?
I am. Shit better not blow back
on me for snitching.
All right.
All right. all right.
Hold on.
Too many people watching.
Then what?
What do you want me to do?
Tell him to come at 2:00 PM tomorrow.
How the fuck could I call him
when I don't have his number?
That's your fucking problem. dude!
All right. all right.
I call his number and then?
How do I get him to come?
You figure it out.
Or else it will be you on the slab.
How do you know where I live?
We have to talk in private.
Okay.
Mom. Melina. I'm going out.
I'll be back in 15 minutes.
Who's at the door?
A friend.
Can I come?
Hi. I'm Melina.
I'm Fernando.
Let's go.
It's fine. I'll be right back.
Some killer-type dude
grabbed Mateo off the street.
Tortured the shit out of him
and was asking about you.
And. yes. he already knows
where you and your girlfriend are.
He knows about your family
and even the name of your fucking dog.
Get them out of here.
or you will all be gone.
Why me?
No idea. it must be
about the disappearing shit.
I don't know.
I felt the right thing was to warn you.
Is that all?
Yes.
Diego. don't get any wrong ideas.
You're not one of us.
You never will be.
It's only because you're José's blood
that I'm doing this.
Now beat it.
You don't have much time left.
Here's what we're gonna do.
We're going to post three officers
outside your house.
Two more will be inside
to make sure we can catch this asshole.
Are we gonna be safe?
We assume he's a pro.
so he'll be observing first.
Our plan is to capture him
before he notices we're on to him.
How can you be so sure?
Our lives are in danger.
I need you to trust me.
I'm sure this will work out fine.
-Hello?
-Hey. what's up? How are you. dog?
Dude. it sucks what happened
to our bros in the USA.
It sucks. yeah.
I know.
Listen. let's meet up. okay?
I wanna show you some stuff
that José left behind and you should have.
Ah. okay.
See you on 124 Aventura Street
at 6:00 PM tomorrow.
All right. See you.
We're one hour early.
We'll have to wait.
Hey. dude. got a cigarette?
-Hands in the air!
-Down to the ground!
Get down. motherfucker!
Fuck!
Cell three.
For the first time in your life.
I will give you the chance to atone
for your mistakes and do the right thing.
Let's see.
You're going to call your boss
and tell him you completed the job.
No one will doubt you
because this abduction was a mistake.
What abduction? What mistake?
You're running out of time.
Supposing you're telling me the truth.
so what?
Let me explain so you can understand.
Your target is related to a gang member.
He just was in the wrong place
at the wrong time.
He has nothing to do with the gang.
That I can assure you.
And why would I do that?
Because if you do. I'll reduce
the charge of attempted murder.
which means ten to 15 years in jail.
to attempted abduction.
which carries between two and five.
Besides. Mateo is snitching on you.
-This shit will fuck me up. right?
-Not at all.
Your victim has nothing to do with you
or with your world.
Besides. you'll be out of business
if your clients realize you are lying.
But how do I know
you're not gonna fuck with me?
Fucking shit.
I need your answer now!
-It's okay.
-So we have a deal?
Yes. we have a deal.
The nightmare is over.
The suspect is behind bars
and will be there for quite some time.
-Then it's over? Really?
-I think so.
They think you're dead
and your world will never cross theirs.
-Right?
-You can be sure of that.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Not at all. It's been a pleasure.